Here's your assignment for next week.  Please send your "answers" to Ruth 
by 5pm on Thursday, October 23rd.  She will compile them anonymously and use
them to drive the discussion at the developer meeting on Friday, Oct 24th.

As we saw during the initial discussion of reference manual entries last
Friday, we all have a different idea of what makes a "good" entry.  Our
goal is to try and learn from all those different ideas and guide the RM
entries toward something that we can all find informative -- and that our
users will find informative as well.

In the directory assignments under 
http://svn.hdfgroup.uiuc.edu/hdf5doc/trunk/hdf5doc_support
you will find the current RM entries for 3 functions:  
H5Dread, H5open, and H5set_free_list_limits.    

There are three parts to the assignment.  Complete what you can and send to 
Ruth by 5PM on Thursday, Oct 23rd.   

Spend up to 2 hours on the assignment if possible, and charge the time
to GMQS documentation.

Part 1: (spend no more than 1 hour)
The three attached spreadsheets ask a series of questions for each of 
the three entries.  Please answer those and return to Ruth.

Part 2: (spend remaining time, as needed, on this part)
For the RM entry you found to be the "best", please reformat it into the 
new style discussed last week, using the template provided.  Also make
changes to improve the wording, add new information, rearrange content,
etc. so that it is a "top-notch" RM entry.   If your desired changes don't 
match the template, go with your preferred format.

Send the reformatted entry, and any questions/problems you had while doing
the work to Ruth.  Also, think about why you made the changes you did to
the entry and send those (or be willing to discuss them at the meeting or 
individually).

Also, track and send the amount of time you spent on this entry.

Part 3: (do part 3 if you have any time left)
For the RM entry you found to be the "worst" - repeat the instructions given
in part 2, but for this "worse case".

